The next new feature we'll see is called D structuring and restructuring is a really nice clean way
to unpack values from data structures from arrays or from objects into their own separate distinct variables.
I really liked this clip art that I found showing this man unpacking taking a piece one box out of this
cluttered mess.
It's kind of I guess a visual metaphor.
I also like this one I couldn't decide which one was better.
Here we're doing the same thing.
We have a collection in that van and then we are removing one piece or a couple of pieces individually
we're selecting them and I don't know creating variables with them.
That's what you're supposed to think based off of this image restructuring is kind of like spread.
In that we can use it in different ways.
So I'm going to break it into a few short videos and the first one we'll see.
The first option when we do structure is to D structure arrays.
When we do structure in array we can unpack specific values out of that array into new variables.
So here I have an array of marathon results from the men 2016 marathon at the Olympics and they're in
order.
So the gold medal went to Elliot Kip Shoji all the way down I think I go to sixth place here for Jared
Ward if I wanted to create variables for let's say the first three and I wanted to make a variable called
gold and make it set too.
Elliot kept bogey I could do it this way concept gold equals race results of zero and then duplicate
that induced silver here equals race results of 1 and bronze equals race results of 2 and that works
of course.
That's sort of standard array stuff we've seen before 3D structuring.
This was the only option.
This was how you created variables based off of an array.
You referenced a specific index and you saved it to a new variable but now we have a much cleaner shorter
syntax where we can unpack the values all at once in a single line.
Here's what it would look like equivalent to this.
We would write const array brackets and then we write our variable names in here.
Gold silver and bronze equals race results.
So what this will do right here is go into race results and use the order that we wrote them in right
here.
These new variables will be created in this order based off of their position.
So gold will be set to the first item in race results which is Elliott captured.
Silver will be set too.
I'm sorry if I'm butchering these names for you so the Lisa and bronze will be set to gallon Galen Rupp
and we'll have three new variables so we won't have new variables for these the final three results
or the final three elements but the first three will each be assigned to a new variable so I commented
out the original version but if I look in my console I still have gold.
I have silver and I have bronze.
The race results array is unchanged.
I'm simply making a variable referencing the value at each index.
Just like we had before here.
This doesn't change race results in any way.
We're just accessing and making new variables.
Same thing here.
So the position matters.
If I were to swap them and do silver and then gold I would end up with silver as Elliott kept Yogi.
That's the first index in our D structuring statement so we get that first index in the array.
And gold would be set to face a la Lisa.
So this is the basics of restructuring we could do a variable for each element.
But there are some other things that we can do as well if we wanted to skip an index.
Let's say I want the first and the fourth results and I want a variable called first.
I could do that race results.
That one's easy enough because we know first it's going to be the first element.
If we take a look at first we have L.A. cop show Gagan but if I want fourth if I just write fourth here
we're going to end up with failure.
So Lisa as the fourth variable but if I add extra commas.
So the first extra comma is going to skip one index and go to Galen Rupp.
If I take a look now a fourth is set to Galen Rupp which is actually the third element so I could add
another comma to get the fourth element and now fourth is set to here may give you Selassie.
Okay.
And another thing we can do is actually use the rest.
Dot dot dot inside of our D structuring this between the array braces in order to collect the rest of
an array into a new variable.
I could make a variable called winner to get Eliot Kip Shoji and then everything else all the other
five strings in this array could be collected into a new variable.
It would look like this const winner comma and then dot dot dot.
Let's go with others.
It's not the best name.
It's kind of minimizing their accomplishments.
The winner and then the others.
Meanwhile all these people ran like two two hour ten minute marathons or faster.
But let's just go with others.
Race results
and we'll have winner set too.
ELLIOTT captured Gaye and others is an array of five elements.
The other five in that array and I could combine these so if I wanted to skip for some reason you said
Lisa now others is going to contain four elements and we didn't capture for you so little Lisa and a
variable at all so I'll undo that.
That's pretty much it for de structuring arrays.
You just come up with variable names you assign them in one line like I have here.
I mean you could break it up if it's a super long line.
But most of the time if it's in one line you set it equal to whatever array you're trying to unpack
and then you single out the elements you want based off of the position you can use commas to skip elements
and you can use dot dot dot the rest operator to collect the remaining or the rest of the array into
a variable.